<doc id="2336433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336433" title="Helena Carroll"> Helena Carroll Helena Winifred Carroll (13 November 1928 – 31 March 2013) was a veteran film, television and stage actress. Born to clothing designer Helena Reilly and Abbey Theatre playwright Paul Vincent Carroll, she was the youngest of three sisters. Her elder sisters were Theresa Elizabeth Perez (1924-2001), a classically trained musician and the producer/founder of the "People's Pops Concerts" in Phoenix, Arizona, and journalist Kathleen Moira Carroll (1927-2007). Miss Carroll attended Clerkhill Notre Dame High School, a Roman Catholic convent school in Dumbarton. She received her training at the Central School which later became the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art London, appearing in three plays in London's West End and a film, "Midnight Episode", by age 20. She made her Broadway debut in "Separate Tables" by Terence Rattigan. She moved to the U.S. during the 1950s, touring and performing on Broadway and co-founded, with Dermot McNamara, The Irish Players, a repertory theater company in Manhattan. At the dawn of television, Miss Carroll played the leading role of Nora, in a television production of her father's play, "The White Steed" (1959 Play of the Week Series), directed by Joe Gisterak. Gisterak directed a 1980 commissioned opera of her father's play, "Beauty is Fled", as part of the "Children's Opera Series", which her sister, Theresa Perez founded. The opera was performed at the Phoenix Symphony Hall. Helena split her stage work between Dublin, London and New York, appearing on Broadway in, among other productions the original production of "Oliver!" as Mrs. Sowerberry, as well as "Pickwick", "Design for Living", "Waiting in the Wings", and the Elizabeth Taylor-Richard Burton revivals of "Private Lives" (New York and Los Angeles). Prompted by friends who had preceded her to Los Angeles, producer Al Simon and casting director Caro Jones (the latter of whom gave Les Moonves, now president of CBS, his first job in the biz), Carroll moved to Los Angeles in the late 1960s and appeared in numerous films and television programs, including John Huston's Academy Award nominated film "The Dead", "The Friends of Eddie Coyle" starring Robert Mitchum, "The Jerk", directed by Carl Reiner and starring Steve Martin, "The Mambo Kings", the Warren Beatty remake of "Love Affair", the 1979 NBC mini-series "Backstairs at the White House", and such television programs as "General Hospital", "The Edge of Night", "Loving Couples", "Laverne and Shirley", "Murder She Wrote", etc. Carroll resided in Los Angeles, and died in Marina del Rey, California from heart failure on 31 March 2013 at the age of 84. Her last stage performance was in 2007 at the age of 78. She is survived by a half brother, Brian Carroll; a niece, Helena Perez Reilly; and a great-nephew, Paul Vincent Reilly. </doc> <doc id="2336437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336437" title="Mario Sammarco"> Mario Sammarco (Giuseppe) Mario Sammarco (13 December 1868, although some sources say 1867 – 24 January 1930) was an Italian operatic baritone noted for his acting ability. Sammarco was born in Palermo, Sicily, and studied locally with Antonio Cantelli. He made his operatic début in Palermo as Valentine in "Faust" in 1888. He subsequently sang to acclaim in Milan (at La Scala, Italy's most celebrated theatre), Buenos Aires and London. Between 1904 and 1919 he appeared intermittently, in 26 different roles, at the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. In New York City, he was hired by Oscar Hammerstein I for his Manhattan Opera Company as a replacement for the great French singing-actor Maurice Renaud. He sang with the Manhattan company in 1908-1910, becoming its principal Italian baritone, but he never 'graduated' to the rival Metropolitan Opera. Sammarco next joined the Chicago–Philadelphia opera company. His career there continued smoothly enough until 1913 when he encountered a disapproving Mary Garden in a Chicago production of "Tosca". The soprano requested that he be replaced; but after he named some of his former distinguished (and uncomplaining) Tosca partners, notably Emmy Destinn, the performances proceeded to be given to critical success. His final operatic appearances were at the Teatro di San Carlo in Naples in 1919. Apart from Scarpia (his debut role at Covent Garden), he was a famous Rigoletto, Marcello, Germont, Renato, Enrico and Amleto, appearing opposite some of the finest singers of his day. No bel canto specialist, he was at his best in ardent verismo works, creating the roles of Gerard in Giordano's "Andrea Chénier" in 1896 and Cascart in Leoncavallo's "Zazà" in 1900. Sammarco was active during an era that was thronged with Italian baritones of exceptional ability. It was no small achievement for him to carve out a lucrative international career in the face of powerful competition from the likes of Mattia Battistini, Antonio Magini-Coletti, Giuseppe Campanari, Mario Ancona, Giuseppe Pacini, Antonio Scotti, Eugenio Giraldoni, Riccardo Stracciari, Titta Ruffo, Domenico Viglione Borghese, Pasquale Amato and Carlo Galeffi. He taught singing after retiring from the stage and died in Milan. Sammarco possessed a strong voice with a powerful upper register; but of all the celebrated singers preserved on early recordings, Sammarco's are regarded as the most disappointing. The technical quality of his singing disappoints and the timbre of his voice can sound rough; at best he is merely dull. On record, according to Scott and Steane, he has a singular inability to sing less than mezzo forte and has no concept of legato. He impresses most when delivering declamatory passages in verismo operas (see Scott, cited below) including an early (celebrated or notorious) recording with the soprano Emma Carelli from Tosca, complete with peals of laughter; even in these "specialist" roles, his singing is unimaginative and crude. Many of the depressingly numerous 78-rpm gramophone records that he made prior to World War I for the Fonotipia, Victor and Pathé companies—and for the forerunner of HMV—are now available on CD reissues from various labels. </doc> <doc id="2336439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336439" title="Colonial (PRR train)"> Colonial (PRR train) The Colonial, also known as the Colonial Express, was a service of the Pennsylvania Railroad and New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad between Union Station