"New England Almanac", continued until 1819 by his son, Isaiah Thomas, Jr. It had something of the flavor of Benjamin Franklin's "Poor Richard's Almanac". In 1786 he procured from Europe the first font of music type that was brought to the United States, and he was the first printer in the U.S. to use such type. He was engaged at Walpole, New Hampshire, in book publishing and printing the "Farmer's Museum", and in 1788 opened a bookstore in Boston under the firm name of Thomas and Andrews, also establishing branches of his publishing business in several parts of the United States. The monthly "Massachusetts Magazine" was published by the firm, with Ebenezer T. Andrews, in eight volumes, from 1789 until 1796. At Worcester he printed a folio edition of the Bible in 1791, Watts' "Psalms and Hymns", and most of the Bibles and school books that were used in the U.S. at that date. His ambition throughout his life was to write an extensive book on the history of publishing. He began what would become "History of Printing in America" in 1808. Fully titled "History of Printing in America, with a Biography of Printers, and an Account of Newspapers", it was published in two volumes in 1810. A second edition, published in 1874, was prepared by his grandson Benjamin Franklin Thomas and included a catalog of American publications previous to 1776 and a memoir of Isaiah Thomas. In November 1812, Thomas founded the American Society of Antiquaries, now known as the American Antiquarian Society, partly to take care of the extensive library he had accumulated in preparing his history of publishing. At its first meeting, Thomas was elected president, a role he held until his death. In addition to nearly 8,000 volumes from his collection, he gave to its library tracts, and one of the most valuable files of newspapers in the country, and he presented land and a hall, with a provision equal to $24,000 for its maintenance. Thomas spent his final days in Worcester. Upon his death in 1831, he bequeathed his entire library, his collection of early American newspapers, as well as his personal papers and records to the American Antiquarian Society. Thomas is now interred at Rural Cemetery in Worcester. Thomas's grandson B. F. Thomas noted his grandfather's importance in founding the American Antiquarian Society. "He saw and understood, no man better, from what infinitely varied and minute sources the history of a nation's life was to be drawn; that the only safe rule was to gather up all the fragments so that nothing be lost." In 1943, "Publishers Weekly" created the Carey-Thomas Award for creative publishing, naming it honor of Mathew Carey and Isaiah Thomas. </doc> <doc id="2336466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336466" title="Lenka Peterson"> Lenka Peterson Lenka Peterson (born Betty Ann Isacson; October 16, 1925) is an American theater, film, and television actress. Peterson was born in Omaha, Nebraska, the daughter of Lenke (née Leinweber), a lab technician, and Sven Edward Isacson, a physician. One of the first members admitted to New York's Actors Studio, Peterson's Broadway portrayals included Ella in "Sundown Beach" (1948), Maude in "The Grass Harp" (1952), Kitty in "The Time of Your Life" (1955), Sally and Mary in "All the Way Home" (1960), Rose in "Nuts" (1980), and Sarah in "Quilters" (1984), among others. Peterson was nominated for a 1985 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical for her role in "Quilters". She guest starred in such early television productions as "Hallmark Hall of Fame" (1952), "The Philco Television Playhouse" (1955), and "Actors Studio" (1949 and 1950). She has also been a cast member of the television series "Young Dr. Malone", "Search for Tomorrow", playing Isabel Moore in 1962 and Evelyn Reedy in 1977, "A Flame in the Wind", "Another World" as Marie Fenton from 1983-1984 and later Lorna Devon's adopted grandmother, and "Code of Vengeance". Peterson is the mother of actress Glynnis O'Connor and Darren O'Connor (and three more sons, Kevin, Brian, and Sean) by her husband Daniel O'Connor, who had retired from NBC News, and who passed away in 2015. </doc> <doc id="2336480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336480" title="Prudence Farrow"> Prudence Farrow Prudence Anne Villiers Farrow Bruns (born January 20, 1948) is an American author, meditation teacher, and film producer. She is the daughter of film director John Farrow and actress Maureen O'Sullivan and younger sister of actress Mia Farrow. She is the subject of the Beatles song "Dear Prudence". Farrow was raised in the Catholic faith and attended convent schools. She learned the Transcendental Meditation technique (TM) in 1966 at UCLA and next year became interested in yoga, opening a yoga institute at a former church in Boston. In 1968 Farrow, along with her sister Mia and brother Patrick, traveled with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi from New York to India, and then to the Maharishi's ashram in Rishikesh for a Transcendental Meditation teacher training course. The Beatles arrived shortly thereafter. Farrow was dedicated to practicing the TM technique so she could become a TM teacher. She said: "I would always rush straight back to my room after lectures and meals so I could meditate. John, George and Paul would all want to sit around jamming and having a good time and I'd be flying into my room. They were all serious about what they were doing, but they just weren't as fanatical as me". She "turned into a near recluse" and "rarely came out" of her cottage. Lennon was asked to "contact her and make sure she came out more often to socialize" and he wrote the song "Dear Prudence". According to Lennon, "She'd been locked in for three weeks and was trying to reach God quicker than anyone else". Farrow taught TM for several decades after her teacher training course in India. Among those she mentored was comedian Andy Kaufman. She returned to India for further instruction from the Maharishi in 1986 and has taught Transcendental Meditation in Florida since 1970. Later in her life, Farrow earned a BA, an MA, and a