also dating model Dorian Leigh, mother of his recently born illegitimate son Kim. Linda was photographed with de Portago at the 1957 Mille Miglia car race. The photo shows Christian leaning in to kiss Fon before he drove off and crashed his Ferrari, killing himself, his navigator Ed Nelson and at least ten spectators in the process. The press labeled the photo "The Kiss of Death". De Portago was 28 years old. Her ex-husband, Tyrone Power, died the following year of a heart attack at the age of 44. Christian was later married to the Rome-based British actor Edmund Purdom. On several occasions Christian and Power were offered the opportunity to work together, but for various reasons each offer was refused or rescinded. The most notable opportunity to co-star together came in 1953, when they were offered leading roles in "From Here to Eternity". Power did not want to do the film and rejected the offer. The roles went to Donna Reed and Montgomery Clift. Linda Christian died on July 22, 2011, at the age of 87. </doc> <doc id="2336455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336455" title="Kentucky Cardinal"> Kentucky Cardinal The Kentucky Cardinal was a nightly passenger train operated by Amtrak from 1999 to 2003 between Chicago, Illinois, and Louisville, Kentucky, via Indianapolis, Indiana. On the three days that the "Cardinal" ran, the "Kentucky Cardinal" operated as a section, splitting at Indianapolis. On the other four days, it ran on its own to Chicago. Between May 1971–August 1974 Amtrak's "Floridian" ran from Chicago to Florida via Indianapolis and Louisville. Due to poor track conditions on the Penn Central trackage in Indiana, the train was rerouted to the west north of Nashville, Tennessee. In April 1975 the train was routed back east over the former Monon Railroad, again serving Louisville, but bypassing Indianapolis to the west. The "Floridian" served Louisville until its discontinuance in October 1979. On December 17, 1999, the "Kentucky Cardinal" started running as an extension of the "Hoosier State", which ran four days a week between Chicago and Indianapolis (filling in the gaps in the "Cardinal" schedule). The "Kentucky Cardinal" ran as trains 850 southbound and 851 northbound. Three days of the week, it was grouped with the "Cardinal", trains 50 and 51, north of Indianapolis. The train, operated along trackage that had last been used by the "Floridian" in 1974, was an attempt to attract express business from United Parcel Service, which maintains its air-express hub at Louisville International Airport. At first the train only ran from Indianapolis south to Jeffersonville, Indiana, where a new Amtrak Mail and Express facility was built. The city of Louisville spent $370,000 in 2001 to renovate its Union Station for the service, and on December 4 the "Kentucky Cardinal" started to use a new track on the west side of the Union Station parking lot. The train was handicapped by inconvenient departure and arrival times and slow travel times, especially on the segment from Indianapolis south to Louisville. This segment was operated over the Louisville and Indiana Railroad, which had purchased the line from Conrail in 1994, and had a speed limit of 30 miles per hour (50 km/h) over most of the route due to its jointed rail. This made travel on the "Kentucky Cardinal" slower than automobile traffic on the parallel Interstate 65. With the opening in 1999, Greyhound began running Thruway Motorcoach bus connections from Jeffersonville south to Nashville, Tennessee, with stops at Elizabethtown and Bowling Green, Kentucky. Though rail passenger advocates tried to get the train's route extended to Nashville in an effort to increase ridership, Amtrak lost its mail contract, and the "Kentucky Cardinal" last ran July 4, 2003, restoring the old "Hoosier State" on July 6 (the "Cardinal" ran both ways on July 5). The tracks used were originally part of the Pennsylvania Railroad system, and are now owned by the Louisville and Indiana Railroad. The following lines were used: </doc> <doc id="2336460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336460" title="Isaiah Thomas (publisher)"> Isaiah Thomas (publisher) Isaiah Thomas (January 19, 1749 – April 4, 1831) was an American newspaper publisher and author. He performed the first public reading of the Declaration of Independence in Worcester, Massachusetts, and reported the first account of the Battles of Lexington and Concord. He was the founder of the American Antiquarian Society. Thomas was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was apprenticed on July 7, 1756 to Zechariah Fowle, a Boston printer, with whom, after working as a printer in Halifax, Portsmouth (New Hampshire) and Charleston (South Carolina), he formed a partnership in 1770. The partnership was formed to publish the "Massachusetts Spy", and lasted for three months, after which Thomas continued publication alone. For the paper's motto, he chose "Open to all parties, but influenced by none." Initially it came out three times each week, then (under his sole ownership) as a semi-weekly, and beginning in 1771, as a weekly. The paper soon espoused the Whig cause and was the object of government efforts to suppress it. In 1771 Gov. Thomas Hutchinson ordered the attorney general to prosecute Thomas, but the grand jury failed to find cause for indictment. In Boston, in 1774, Thomas published the "Royal American Magazine", which was continued for a short time by Joseph Greenleaf, and which contained many engravings by Paul Revere. Wary of the Tories' growing resentment of the independence of the "Spy", on April 16, 1775 (three days before the Battle of Concord, in which he took part), Thomas took his presses from Boston and set them up in Worcester. His other property was destroyed. In Worcester, he published and sold books, built a paper mill and bindery, and continued the paper until 1802 save for gaps in 1776–1778 and in 1786–1788. The "Spy" supported George Washington and the Federalist Party. He was also postmaster for a time. Thomas married Mary Fowle, described as a "half-cousin", on May 26, 1779. Around 1802, Thomas gave his Worcester business over to his son, including the control of the "Spy". From 1775 until 1803, Thomas published the