in Washington, DC and South Station in Boston, Massachusetts. It was operated until 1973 by Amtrak. The "Colonial" began on January 18, 1892, as a daytime express service between Boston and Washington. From Boston, the train traveled west over the New York, New Haven & Hartford's Shore Line and then the New Rochelle branch to the Harlem River. There, passengers boarded the passenger steamer "Maryland", which carried them to Jersey City, New Jersey. At that time the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR) had no station in Manhattan, so passengers heading for New York traveled to Jersey City, then transferred to Manhattan-bound ferries. Passengers continuing south on the "Colonial" boarded a new train in Jersey City, which used the Pennsylvania main line to reach Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Baltimore, Maryland and Washington. In the early 1910s the waterborne segment was dropped; instead, the Boston train ran into Grand Central Terminal, while the Washington train terminated at Penn Station, which had opened in 1910. Passengers used ground transport to move between the two stations, which were a little over a mile apart. In 1917 the opening of the Hell Gate Bridge, which linked the PRR and the New Haven, allowed trains to run directly through Penn Station. The PRR merged into Penn Central Transportation in 1968, which absorbed the NYNH&H in 1969. When Amtrak began operations on May 1, 1971, it took over the "Colonial", which ran as trains 170 and 171 (changed to 173 and 174 in the November 14 timetable). Its last trip was made on April 28, 1973. Amtrak reused the name in 1976 for a new Boston–Newport News train, the "Colonial", which replaced the Newport News section of the "James Whitcomb Riley". </doc> <doc id="2336441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336441" title="Mary Jo Catlett"> Mary Jo Catlett Mary Jo Catlett (born September 2, 1938) is an American actress and comedian. She has been a main cast member on the animated series "SpongeBob SquarePants" since its debut, providing the voice of Mrs. Puff. She is also known for originating the role of Ernestina in the 1964 Broadway production of "Hello, Dolly!" and for playing Pearl Gallagher, the third housekeeper on "Diff'rent Strokes". Catlett began her career as a theater actress in Off-Broadway and Broadway musicals. Since the late 1960s, Catlett has appeared in television shows such as "M*A*S*H", "The Waltons", "The Bob Newhart Show", "The Dukes of Hazzard", and "General Hospital". She received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination at the 1990 ceremony for her work in the latter. She also received an Annie Award nomination in 2001 for her voice-over work as Mrs. Puff. Catlett was born in Denver, Colorado, the daughter of Cornelia M. (née Callaghan) and Robert J. Catlett. Catlett appeared on "General Hospital" (for which she was nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award) and in several episodes of the television sitcom "M*A*S*H". She provides the voice of Mrs. Puff in the animated series "SpongeBob SquarePants", as well as the related film "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie" (2004). In 2002, she was nominated for The Annie Award for Best Voice Acting by a Female Performer in an Animated Production for "SpongeBob SquarePants". She also provided the voice for Cousin Larry's mother on the animated series "Kim Possible". Mary Jo Cattlet has also provided voices for "Rugrats", "The Smurfs", "Quack Pack" and "Extreme Ghostbusters". She is also known, prior to her role on "Diff'rent Strokes", for the commercials she did for Black Flag and its pest-control products, particularly the Roach Motel brand. Her many television guest roles include appearances on episodes of "That's So Raven", "Glee" and "Desperate Housewives". She played wrestler "Terrible Tessie" in the first season "Starsky & Hutch" episode "The Omaha Tiger", and as "Cousin Alice", the slow-witted but well-meaning relation of an old acquaintance of the Duke family in the first season "Dukes of Hazzard" episode "Swamp Molly". She had a voice role on the "American Dream Factory" episode of "American Dad!". Catlett appeared in feature films including "Serial Mom", "The Benchwarmers" and "Beethoven's 5th". She has appeared in an episode of "2 Broke Girls" with other veteran character actresses and guest starred on "Shake It Up". </doc> <doc id="2336443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336443" title="Grand Royal"> Grand Royal Grand Royal was the Los Angeles, California-based vanity record label set up in 1992 by the Beastie Boys in conjunction with Capitol Records after the group left Def Jam Recordings. Due to mounting debts, Grand Royal went out of business in 2001. Its assets were sold off via auction on Bid4Assets; these assets did not include any rights to Beastie Boys music. The assets and back catalog were purchased by a group of fans who in turn started GR2 Records. In 2016, GR2 sold the rights and master recordings of Grand Royal's second release "My Crazy Life" to a member of the band Dead Fucking Last. "Grand Royal" was also the name of a magazine written and published by the group. It was most famous for its article "Mulling Over the Mullet" in issue two, which lampooned the mullet hairstyle (the Beastie Boys also recorded a song called "Mullet Head", which was released on Grand Royal on its "Sure Shot" 12-inch single). </doc> <doc id="2336450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336450" title="Ciampa"> Ciampa Ciampa is a surname from Italy. It can refer to: </doc> <doc id="2336453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336453" title="BirdLife International"> BirdLife International BirdLife International (formerly the International Council for Bird Preservation) is a global partnership of conservation organisations that strives to conserve birds, their habitats, and global biodiversity, working with people towards sustainability in the use of natural resources. It is the world's largest partnership of conservation organisations, with over 120 partner organisations. It has a membership of more than 2.5 million people and partner organizations in more than 100 countries. Major partners include Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, the Wild Bird Society of Japan, and the U.S. National Audubon Society. The group’s headquarters are located in Cambridge, UK. BirdLife International’s priorities include preventing extinction of bird species, identifying and safeguarding important sites for birds, maintaining and restoring key bird habitats, and empowering