PhD from the University of California, Berkeley, where she majored in Asian studies. Her doctoral dissertation was on pulse diagnosis, titled "Nadivijnana, the Crest-Jewel of Ayurveda: A Translation of Six Central Texts and an Examination of the Sources, Influences and Development of Indian Pulse-Diagnosis". Farrow became an elementary school teacher and according to her résumé she has held teaching positions or presented at conferences held at the University of California at Berkeley, Rutgers University and the University of Wisconsin. Farrow has worked in the theater and film industry as a production assistant on "The Muppets Take Manhattan" in 1984 and the art department coordinator for "The Purple Rose of Cairo". She also "conceived and co-produced" the 1994 film "Widows' Peak", which featured her sister, Mia, in a part originally written for their mother, Maureen O'Sullivan. In 1999, she was one of four producers involved in staging "Up From the Ground" at the Westbeth Theatre in New York City. Farrow became a magazine writer in the 2000s. Using her married name, Prudence Bruns, she has authored articles on Asian studies, world religions, ayurveda, and healthy living. In 2012 Farrow established the non-profit Dear Prudence Foundation to raise funds for a documentary film of the 2013 Kumbh Mela festival which is held in India every twelve years. Farrow married teacher Albert Morrill Bruns in December 1969. They have three children and four grandchildren. She was nearing the end of a three-year affair with New York real estate heir Robert Durst when his wife went missing. </doc> <doc id="2336485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336485" title="List of Faroese people"> List of Faroese people This is a list of famous or important Faroese people. In a small island-society of fewer than 50,000 inhabitants, each person can gain certain meaning for the entire nation. The people listed below, are among those who played or play a distinct role in Faroese culture, politics and history. Many of them are renowned outside the Faroes, especially in Denmark and other Nordic countries. </doc> <doc id="2336493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336493" title="Marika Domińczyk"> Marika Domińczyk Marika Domińczyk ( ) is a Polish-American actress who became best known in the United States for her role as Dr. Eliza Minnick on "Grey's Anatomy," which she originated in its thirteenth season. Marika Domińczyk is one of three daughters born to Aleksandra and Miroslaw "Mirek" Domińczyk. Her father was one of the leaders in the Polish Solidarity movement. She is the younger sister of actress Dagmara Dominczyk. Domińczyk became engaged to actor Scott Foley in 2006. In June 2007, the two wed in a private ceremony in Hawaii. They have three children: daughter Malina, son Keller, and son Konrad (b. November 13, 2014). In 2004, Domińczyk appeared in the short-lived television series "The Help," which also starred Mindy Cohn and Antonio Sabàto, Jr. The following year, she appeared as Bernadette in the 2005 movie "The 40-Year-Old Virgin." From 2006-2007, she guest-starred on the ABC's "Brothers & Sisters" as Tyler Altamirano. She reprised her role in the last two episodes of the show's fifth season. Despite being Polish, her looks have often led to her being cast in Hispanic roles, such as Anna in "The Help" and, most recently, as South American agent Isabella in "." She appeared in "Who Do You Love?," the "Las Vegas" episode "3 Babes, 100 Guns, and a Fat Chick" (2008) as a bounty hunter, and Danny's Marine Sergeant in Iraq, and as a Russian informant to Cool Breeze, played by her by-then husband Scott Foley, in "The Unit." She also starred in "National Lampoon's Bag Boy." Domińczyk played the role of Lara in the film "I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell." She was then signed for the recurring role, in ABC's drama series "Grey's Anatomy," of Dr. Eliza Minnick, an orthopedic surgeon and residency-instruction consultant who became a love interest for Jessica Capshaw's character of Dr. Arizona Robbins, which role she originated as the program's thirteenth season began. </doc> <doc id="2336494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=2336494" title="Yellow mongoose"> Yellow mongoose The yellow mongoose ("Cynictis penicillata"), sometimes referred to as the red meerkat, is a member of the mongoose family averaging about 1 lb (1/2 kg) in weight and about 20 in (500 mm) in length. It lives in open country, from semi-desert scrubland to grasslands in Angola, Botswana, South Africa, Namibia, and Zimbabwe. "Cynictis penicillata" is the only member of its genus, but as many as twelve subspecies of yellow mongoose have been described. In general, the yellow mongoose has lighter highlights on the underbelly and chin, a bushy tail, and a complete lack of sexual dimorphism. Southern yellow mongooses are larger, have yellow or reddish fur, longer fur, and a longer tail with a characteristic white tip. Northern subspecies tend towards smaller size, grey colouration, a grey or darker grey tip to the tail, and shorter hair more appropriate to the hotter climate. The yellow mongoose is carnivorous, consuming mostly arthropods but also other small mammals, lizards, snakes and eggs of all kinds. The yellow mongoose is primarily diurnal, though nocturnal activity has been observed. Living in colonies of up to 20 individuals in a permanent underground burrow complex, the yellow mongoose will often co-exist with Cape ground squirrels or suricates and share maintenance of the warren, adding new tunnels and burrows as necessary. The tunnel system has many entrances, nearby which the yellow mongoose makes its latrines. The social structure of the yellow mongoose is hierarchical, based around a central breeding pair and their most recent offspring. There are also subadults, the elderly, or adult relatives of the central pair. Male ranges tend to overlap, while females from other dens have contiguous non-overlapping ranges. Every day, the alpha male will mark members of his group with anal gland secretions, and his boundaries with facial and anal secretions, as well as urine. The alpha male also rubs his back against raised objects, leaving behind hair as a visual marker of territory. Other members of the group mark their dens with cheek secretions. A colony can have 20-40 members. Predators